+++
abstract = "This document presents a Topology-Transparent Zone (TTZ) in an OSPF area. A TTZ comprises a group of routers and a number of links connecting these routers. Any router outside of the zone is not aware of the zone. A TTZ hides the internal topology of the TTZ from the outside. It does not directly advertise any internal information about the TTZ to a router outside of the TTZ. The information about the links and routers such as a link down inside the TTZ is not advertised to any router outside of the TTZ."
abstract_short = "This document presents a Topology-Transparent Zone (TTZ) in an OSPF area. A TTZ comprises a group of routers and a number of links connecting these routers. Any router outside of the zone is not aware of the zone. A TTZ hides the internal topology of the TTZ from the outside. It does not directly advertise any internal information about the TTZ to a router outside of the TTZ. The information about the links and routers such as a link down inside the TTZ is not advertised to any router outside of the TTZ."
authors = ["Huaimo Chen" , "Renwei Li" , "Alvaro Retana" , "Yi Yang" , "Vic Liu"]
date = "2017-02-01"
image_preview = ""
math = true
publication_types = ["7"]
publication = "Internet Engineering Task Force"
publication_short = "IETF"
selected = true
title = "OSPF Topology-Transparent Zone(RFC 8099)"
url_code = "#"
url_dataset = "#"
url_pdf = "https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/pdfrfc/rfc8099.txt.pdf"
url_project = "#"
url_slides = "#"
url_video = "#"

[[url_custom]]
name = "Custom Link"
url = "https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc8099/"

# Optional featured image (relative to `static/img/` folder).
[header]


+++
